In the wide shot captures we can see that the router is sending a Rodda advertisement to F-F zero to
call and call on one.
So here's the advertisement link a late address is the MAC address of the router and to use 5800 bytes.
But notice no prefix information contains 2001 Polan 0 1 0 1 as well as 2001 Kahlon face.
So both of those networks are being advertised to devices on the local segment.
Notice the PC is sending out a neighbor's solicitation message for this link.
Laya address with that target address 2001 face colon colon one.
In other words it's sending it to the broader and the Rodda is replying back with a neighbor advertisement
telling the PC what its MAC address is.
Here we can see the pings.
So he has an echo request from the PC to the router.
Notice the IP version 6 address of the PC and IP version 6 address of the router and then the router
replies back.
So 2001 Colan face colon colon one.
If replying back to the PC and we can see it's an echo reply he has another ping request and another
ping reply.
So a lot of what you've learnt in IP version 4 can be applied to IP version 6.
We have ping we have echo requests and we have Echo replies but in addition we have newer protocols
like neighbors elicitation and neighbor advertisement.
One of the reasons that this is required is that port costs are no longer supported in IP version 6.